Update vipps-login-api.md (#22)
vippsas/vipps-login-api: vipps-login-api.md

The user is then authenticated in browser and can provide consent if required. Then the user is redirected back to the redirect URI provided by merchant:
![Consent in desktop](images/Number_input_flow_desktop2.png	)

#### Mobile flow - app switch based flow

> If the user is on a moobile device, the Vipps landing page in the browser will automatically trigger an app switch to the Vipps-app if the user is not rememberd in browsere. The user will not be prompted to enter the phone number. In the Vipps-app the user confirms the login and can choose whether to be rememberd in the browser for later logins. After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems. On the Vipps landing page the user will finalise the autentication and provide consents if required. Then the user is redirected back to the redirect URI provided by merchant (can be webpage or app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user is on a mobile device, the Vipps landing page in the browser will automatically trigger an app switch to the Vipps-app if the user is not rememberd in browsere. The user will not be prompted to enter the phone number. In the Vipps-app the user confirms the login and can choose whether to be rememberd in the browser for later logins. After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems. On the Vipps landing page the user will finalise the autentication and provide consents if required. Then the user is redirected back to the redirect URI provided by merchant (can be webpage or app).
```

> If the user is on a moobile device, the Vipps landing page in the browser will automatically trigger an app switch to the Vipps-app if the user is not rememberd in browsere. The user will not be prompted to enter the phone number. In the Vipps-app the user confirms the login and can choose whether to be rememberd in the browser for later logins. After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems. On the Vipps landing page the user will finalise the autentication and provide consents if required. Then the user is redirected back to the redirect URI provided by merchant (can be webpage or app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user is on a moobile device, the Vipps landing page in the browser will automatically trigger an app switch to the Vipps-app if the user is not rememberd in browsere. The user will not be prompted to enter the phone number. In the Vipps-app the user confirms the login and can choose whether to be remembered in the browser for later logins. After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems. On the Vipps landing page the user will finalise the autentication and provide consents if required. Then the user is redirected back to the redirect URI provided by merchant (can be webpage or app).
```

> If the user is on a moobile device, the Vipps landing page in the browser will automatically trigger an app switch to the Vipps-app if the user is not rememberd in browsere. The user will not be prompted to enter the phone number. In the Vipps-app the user confirms the login and can choose whether to be rememberd in the browser for later logins. After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems. On the Vipps landing page the user will finalise the autentication and provide consents if required. Then the user is redirected back to the redirect URI provided by merchant (can be webpage or app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user is on a moobile device, the Vipps landing page in the browser will automatically trigger an app switch to the Vipps-app if the user is not remembered in browsere. The user will not be prompted to enter the phone number. In the Vipps-app the user confirms the login and can choose whether to be rememberd in the browser for later logins. After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems. On the Vipps landing page the user will finalise the autentication and provide consents if required. Then the user is redirected back to the redirect URI provided by merchant (can be webpage or app).
```

> If the user is on a moobile device, the Vipps landing page in the browser will automatically trigger an app switch to the Vipps-app if the user is not rememberd in browsere. The user will not be prompted to enter the phone number. In the Vipps-app the user confirms the login and can choose whether to be rememberd in the browser for later logins. After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems. On the Vipps landing page the user will finalise the autentication and provide consents if required. Then the user is redirected back to the redirect URI provided by merchant (can be webpage or app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user is on a moobile device, the Vipps landing page in the browser will automatically trigger an app switch to the Vipps-app if the user is not rememberd in browsere. The user will not be prompted to enter the phone number. In the Vipps-app the user confirms the login and can choose whether to be rememberd in the browser for later logins. After confirming in the app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems. On the Vipps landing page the user will finalise the autentication and provide consents if required. Then the user is redirected back to the redirect URI provided by merchant (can be webpage or app).
```

Reviewer: ` After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems.`

Synes denne var veldig tung, hva med noe ala
 After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the browser/app.

Reviewer 2: Typo på moobile

> If the user is on a moobile device, the Vipps landing page in the browser will automatically trigger an app switch to the Vipps-app if the user is not rememberd in browsere. The user will not be prompted to enter the phone number. In the Vipps-app the user confirms the login and can choose whether to be rememberd in the browser for later logins. After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems. On the Vipps landing page the user will finalise the autentication and provide consents if required. Then the user is redirected back to the redirect URI provided by merchant (can be webpage or app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user is on a moobile device, the Vipps landing page in the browser will automatically trigger an app switch to the Vipps-app if the user is not rememberd in browsere. The user will not be prompted to enter the phone number. In the Vipps-app the user confirms the login and can choose whether to be rememberd in the browser for later logins. After confirming in app the user needs to switch back to the Vipps page in the initiating browser/app using the built in features in the operating systems. On the Vipps landing page the user will finalise the autentication and provide consents if required. The user is then redirected back to the redirect URI provided by the merchant (could be a webpage or an app).
```

![Mobile flow with app-switch](images/Mobile_flow_with_partial-app_switch.png)

> We recommend that apps initiate Vipps login in a webview. SafariViewController and Chrome Custom Tabs is prefered as these webviews are able to utilise cookies stored in the user's browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that apps initiate Vipps login in a webview. SafariViewController or Chrome Custom Tabs are preferred as these webviews are able to utilize cookies stored in the user's browser.
```
